feat: Add `--no-install` option to `meltano add` (#6578)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_reference/command-line-interface.md

meltano add extractor tap-ga--client-foo --inherit-from tap-google-analytics
```

> By default, `meltano add` will attempt to install the plugin after adding it. Use `--no-install` to short-circuit this behaviour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `meltano add` will attempt to install the plugin after adding it. Use `--no-install` to skip this behavior:
```

Author: :us:
